README.md, before:

# artsy-eigen-web-association

This tiny app does nothing but serve the `apple-app-site-association` file,
needed for iOS Handoff/Universal Links/Shared Web Credentials to work, in the
required way.

For more information see:

- [Handoff programming guide](https://developer.apple.com/library/ios/documentation/UserExperience/Conceptual/Handoff/AdoptingHandoff/AdoptingHandoff.html#//apple_ref/doc/uid/TP40014338-CH2-SW10)
- [Universal Links programming guide](https://developer.apple.com/library/prerelease/ios/documentation/General/Conceptual/AppSearch/UniversalLinks.html)
- [Shared Web Credentials programming guide](https://developer.apple.com/library/ios/documentation/Security/Reference/SharedWebCredentialsRef/)

## Serving config file

This app is meant to be used inside other apps. As such, the file serving is
mounted at `/`, which means that the apps using this app should mount it at
`/apple-app-site-association`.

Once mounted, you should be able to verify it’s correctness [here](https://branch.io/resources/aasa-validator/).

## Changing config file

When making changes, you should do so in the `apple-app-site-association.json` file.

## After config changes are merged

After changes to the `apple-app-site-association.json` file have been merged, you'll need to update the three places that depend on it which include force and artsy-wwwify. To update the package in force and artsy-wwwify run the command `yarn add @artsy/artsy-eigen-web-association@latest` in those repositories and check that in. See [This PR](https://github.com/artsy/artsy-eigen-web-association/pull/40) as an example

## Caching

Apple caches the apple-app-site-association file on app install. If you're having trouble clearing the apple-app-site-association file cache on your device, try updating the app or turn Universal Linking [off (and on again)](https://stackoverflow.com/questions/32729489/how-can-i-reset-ios-9-universal-linking-settings). While it's not known how often the cache is updated, it does appear to periodically between installs and updates. More details about how Apple caches this file can be found on this [Stack Overflow answer](https://stackoverflow.com/a/41305871).

Commit message:

feat: simplify deeplink updates, use cloudflare worker (#58)
* use asdf, add wrangler dep

* add typescript, test worker and worker types

* remove some now legacy code

* remove now unused deps

* remove now unused scripts and publish config

* remove now unused auto jobs

* add the real worker code

* delete now unused json file

* update desc and remove unnecessary fields

* add tsconfig

* add basic wrangler config

* add basic test, fix configs

* first pass at release circle config

* add jest junit reporter dep

* add test command

* use the real paths

* update the test

* update the readme

* more consistent naming, cleanup missing newlines

* remove unnecessary comments

README.md, after:

# artsy-eigen-web-association

This repo manages `apple-app-site-association` and `assetlinks.json` files,
needed for iOS Handoff/Universal Links/Shared Web Credentials to work.
These are deployed to cloudflare worker via deploy prs.

For more information see:

- [Handoff programming guide](https://developer.apple.com/library/ios/documentation/UserExperience/Conceptual/Handoff/AdoptingHandoff/AdoptingHandoff.html#//apple_ref/doc/uid/TP40014338-CH2-SW10)
- [Universal Links programming guide](https://developer.apple.com/library/prerelease/ios/documentation/General/Conceptual/AppSearch/UniversalLinks.html)
- [Shared Web Credentials programming guide](https://developer.apple.com/library/ios/documentation/Security/Reference/SharedWebCredentialsRef/)

## Testing the served config locally


Install dependencies:
`yarn install`

Run the local worker server:
`yarn dev`

In the output you should see the url of the running server.
You can fetch the configs at:
`<YOUR-LOCAL-SERVER-URL>/.well-known/apple-app-site-association`
and:
`<YOUR-LOCAL-SERVER-URL>/.well-known/assetlinks.json`

You can verify apple config correctness [here](https://branch.io/resources/aasa-validator/).

## Changing config file

When making changes, you should do so in the `worker.ts` file in the `appleAppSiteAssociation` for apple and the `assetLinks` object for android.

## After config changes are merged

A deploy pr should open automatically, merging this will result in deploying the worker to production which will in turn update the files everywhere.

## Caching

Apple caches the apple-app-site-association file on app install. If you're having trouble clearing the apple-app-site-association file cache on your device, try updating the app or turn Universal Linking [off (and on again)](https://stackoverflow.com/questions/32729489/how-can-i-reset-ios-9-universal-linking-settings). While it's not known how often the cache is updated, it does appear to periodically between installs and updates. More details about how Apple caches this file can be found on this [Stack Overflow answer](https://stackoverflow.com/a/41305871).
